---
name: Tishia Dunham
image: '/tishia_dunham.jpeg'
slug: tishia-dunham
expertise:
  - Civil Procedure
  - Constitutional Law
  - Evidence
  - Torts
  - Legal Writing
education:
  - Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law, J.D., 2003
  - Florida State University, B.S., 1997
baradmissions:
  - Florida 2003
contact: tdunham@agape.com
---
## Tishia Dunham – Founder & CEO, Agape Christian Bar Prep

### Passionate Bar Exam Mentor & Former Grader

Ms. Dunham is a former bar exam grader with nearly 20 years of experience helping first-time and repeat test takers pass the bar across the U.S. She is dedicated to helping law students excel in school and confidently prepare for the bar exam.

### Transforming Bar Exam Success at Stetson University

During her tenure as Faculty Member & Director of Bar Prep Services at Stetson University College of Law, Ms. Dunham led initiatives that increased first-time bar passage rates to #1 in Florida, peaking at 93%. She also improved bar passage rates for repeat bar exam takers through innovative programming and personalized support.

### Committed to Student Success

Ms. Dunham has always been passionate about helping students maximize their potential. Before entering legal academia, she taught high school English, helping struggling students develop the skills needed to pass the Florida Writing Exam.

She holds a B.A. in Communications & English from Florida State University and has continued her commitment to education through mentorship and curriculum development.

### Legal & Academic Experience

Before founding Agape Christian Bar Prep, Ms. Dunham worked as a litigator in Tampa, FL, specializing in employment, commercial, and real property litigation. She is a graduate of Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law and the co-author of "Florida Constitutional Law: Cases and Materials" (Carolina Academic Press, 2022).

### Beyond the Classroom & Courtroom

Outside of her professional work, Ms. Dunham enjoys serving her community through her church, traveling, reading, writing, and spending time with family.

Her experience, faith, and dedication make Agape Christian Bar Prep a trusted partner in bar exam success!
