---
name: Lotaya Wright
image: '/lotaya_wright.jpg'
expertise:
  - Civil Procedure
  - Contracts
  - Criminal Law
  - Secured Transactions
  - Legal Writing
education:
  - Boston University School of Law, J.D., 2017
  - University of Connecticut, B.A. 2014
baradmissions:
  - New York 2019
  - Connecticut 2017
contact: lwright@agape.com
---

## **Ms. Wright – Chief Writing Strategist, Agape Christian Bar Prep**

#### **Philosophy:**

*"Excellence should be a lifestyle, not a standard."*

Ms. Wright is passionate about helping students unlock their full potential. She believes that success is not just about meeting a standard but about embodying a mindset of continuous growth and excellence.

### **Legal & Educational Experience**

Ms. Wright currently works as an **attorney at Medtronic**, a global healthcare solutions company.

Before joining Agape Christian Bar Prep, she worked as a **substitute teacher** in the Hartford, East Hartford, and New Britain school districts while deciding how to apply her law degree.

She also gained hands-on legal experience as an **intern for a solo practitioner** focusing on Immigration Law. During this time, she drafted legal briefs for the **U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the Board of Immigration Appeals, and the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR)**.

In addition to her legal writing, she worked closely with individuals filing **VAWA petitions, Adjustment of Status applications, and Citizenship requests**. She also assisted spouses and children with family-based immigration petitions and supported individuals facing **removal proceedings**.

### **Education & Advocacy**

Ms. Wright is a **graduate of Boston University School of Law**.

During law school, she participated in the **Immigrants’ Rights Clinic**, where she and her partner successfully secured **Asylum for a Ghanaian native**. Her commitment to serving vulnerable communities earned her a **certificate for pro bono dedication**.

She also worked with the **International Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP)**, first as a **Student Attorney** and later as a **Volunteer Attorney**.

### **Community & Leadership**

Ms. Wright is deeply committed to giving back to her community.

She is the **Founder of Raising the Bar Foundation (RTBF)**, an organization that helps **students and schools in underserved communities in Jamaica** overcome financial hardship.

Additionally, she serves as the **Chief Legal Officer of Source Development Hub**, a New Haven-based social enterprise dedicated to creating **software-based housing solutions for low-resource communities**.

### **Personal Interests**

Outside of work, Ms. Wright enjoys **reading, binge-watching television, and engaging in pro bono legal work**.

She also devotes time to **researching and drafting legal briefs** for fellow attorneys, combining her passion for writing with her dedication to legal advocacy.
